Pricing:
- free
  - 50 certs/month
  - all features
- premium
  - 1000 certs/month
  - all features

https://addtoprofile.linkedin.com/

iframe with embeded PDF within an HTML page. active storage preview?

Inspiration:
- https://developer.adobe.com/document-services/use-cases/content-publishing/course-and-degree-certificate/
- https://simplecert.net/certificate-generator-api/
- https://certifier.me/blog/8-best-tools-to-create-certificates-online-for-free
- https://www.bannerbear.com/generators/free-online-certificate-generator/
- https://coastapp.com/certificates/employee-of-the-month

certificate types
- employee of the week
- employee of the month
- certificate of appreciation
- certificate of completion



vericerti.com/veri/# - verification url
vericerti.com/certi/3243252413# - certificate url


MVP =
- select certificate_template
- fill in corresponding metadata fields

ALWAYS@1
- * template
- * metadata {}
- * emails:text


template = 'language_level'
CertificateService.new(template,
  modifications: {
    title: 'x',
    issued_to: 'text',
    ...
  }
  settings: {
    qr:false
    expires_at:
  }
)

client = vericerti.new(auth_token, secret_token)
CertificateGeneratorService.new(title:, # Certificate of achievement
                issued_reason:text,
                issued_to:text,
                issued_to_email:text, # sends email if present
                issuer_signature:text,
                issuer_logo_url:text,
                issued_at:datetime:nil, # defaults to created_at
                expires_at:datetime:nil
                verification:string, # [qr, link]
                template:

My features:
- disclaimer text? (generated by... ) (Freemium!)
- i18n?

Beware:
- code injections?

implementation:
1. generate PDF
2. generate PDF with conditional data from form
3. different PDF templates with different data *****
generate QR to certi URL x§
send email
import CSV

****

What problem is your startup trying to solve? 
- Companies can provide individuals accomplishment certificates, but don't want to bother with manually entering data, printing/emailing, hosting a verification solution on their servers.

Describe your startup's solution in one sentence *
- API for bulk digital certificate generation, hosting, verification, emailing

In more detail, explain what your startup does and how far along you are *
- 

What is your startup’s business model? * 
- A company buys credits to generate N quantity of certificates.

How and where do you find your customers? what’s your go-to-market strategy? *
- Direct sales to training and certification companies

****

https://www.bannerbear.com/generators/free-online-certificate-generator/

PDFs:
- certificates
- event participation badges



<name>
  name of awardee
<subtitle>
  appears under tha name
  has successfully completed the requirements of...
<date>
<signature>
  name of signer

Certificate/Certificate of completion
This certificate is presented to/this certifies that
<name>
<subtitle>
<date><logo><signature>
 date        signature

****

1) Certificate design

Here is an example of an "unstyled" certificate: https://vericerti.com/certificates/08c8116262413d8b80a65571970f2114.pdf

If possible, please show me an example Wolters Kluwer certificate from any other event, so that I can style it appropriately.

2) Participant data

You need to fill in this CSV with participant information:

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16E7aii66dQDdo4OmcGlqgnQI87F0LwG3tAxHY6tzbVE/edit?usp=sharing

Feel free to add judges, mentors, organisers too 🤩

Maximum number of certificates is not fixed.

When the CSV is filled, I will "generate" the styled certificates with QR codes, unique certificate IDs and unique URLs.

If you provide emails, the certificates will be automatically emailed to all recepients.

The certificates will contain all nessesary data for Linkedin "Licenses & certifications" 😉

3) Payment and service

I would suggest that Wolters Kluwer would pay a fee of PLN 444.

I can issue an invoice for that.

That would cover my service costs for ±3 years (domain, hosting, certificate design).

That way I can also assure that the certificates will be online for 3 years from now, even if I decide to discontinue the "VeriCerti" business.

And surely, if you/Wolters Kluwer will want to use VeriCerti in the future, I would be happy to offer the most favorable conditions 😊

****

Company logo
Company name
Company website

Event date
Event name
Event website (optional)
Certificate issued by (person name, role) (optional)

Participant name
Participant email
Participant role (mentor/participant/judge/winner)
Participant achievement (mentored/participated/judged/won)
Any additional explanatory text

Certificate design?
2 years (hosting prices)
